edit pass: grpc-batch3-jd (#15911)
dotnet/docs: docs/architecture/grpc-for-wcf-developers/error-handling.md

---
title: Error handling - gRPC for WCF Developers

> description: Various topics pertaining to error handling in gRPC. Includes a table of the most commonly used status codes.

Reviewer: Omit the word various?

ms.date: 09/02/2019
---

# Error handling

> Windows Communication Foundation (WCF) uses `FaultException<T>` and `FaultContract` to provide detailed error information, including supporting the SOAP Fault standard.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Windows Communication Foundation (WCF) uses <xref:System.ServiceModel.FaultException%601> and [FaultContract](xref:System.ServiceModel.FaultContractAttribute) to provide detailed error information, including supporting the SOAP Fault standard.
```

> [!IMPORTANT]
> When you provide additional metadata for errors, be sure to document the relevant keys and values in your API documentation, or in comments in your `.proto` file.

## gRPC richer error model

> Google has developed a [richer error model](https://cloud.google.com/apis/design/errors#error_model) that's more like WCF's [FaultContract](xref:System.ServiceModel.FaultContractAttribute), but this model isn't supported in C# yet. Currently, it's only available for Go, Java, Python, and C++.

Reviewer: Why remove the mention that C# support is upcoming?

Author: It's a legal issue. Technical documentation in our organization covers what is, not what might be at a future time. The reason is that customers can assume a promise is being made.
